When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it's across the room.
Chuck Norris solved the Travelling Salesman problem in O(1) time. Here's the pseudo-code: Break salesman into N pieces. Kick each piece to a different city.
Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations... ever.
Chuck Norris's programs can pass the Turing Test by staring at the interrogator.
The only pattern Chuck Norris knows is God Object.
All browsers support the hex definitions #chuck and #norris for the colors black and blue.
Chuck Norris's beard can type 140 wpm.
MySpace actually isn't your space, it's Chuck's (he just lets you use it).
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
A diff between your code and Chuck Norris's is infinite.
Only Chuck Norris shuts down websites without due process, not SOPA or PIPA.
To Chuck Norris, everything contains a vulnerability.
Chuck Norris is the ultimate mutex, all threads fear him.
Chuck Norris doesn't use Oracle, he is the Oracle.
Chuck Norris's OSI network model has only one layer - Physical.
Chuck Norris doesn't need try-catch, exceptions are too afraid to raise.
Chuck Norris knows the value of NULL, and he can sort by it too.
Chuck Norris went out of an infinite loop.
Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert.
Chuck Norris can retrieve anything from /dev/null.
Chuck Norris doesn't have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle - you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't use GUI, he prefers COMMAND line.
Chuck Norris does infinite loops in 4 seconds.
Chuck Norris's log statements are always at the FATAL level.
Chuck Norris solved the halting problem.
Chuck Norris doesn't do Burn Down charts, he does Smack Down charts.
If you try to kill -9 Chuck Norris's programs, it backfires.
Chuck Norris's first program was kill -9.
Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions and have them return.
Chuck Norris compresses his files by doing a flying round house kick to the hard drive.
Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.
Chuck Norris can install iTunes without installing Quicktime.
Don't worry about tests, Chuck Norris's test cases cover your code too.
Chuck Norris can instantiate an abstract class.
Chuck Norris doesn't use web standards as the web will conform to him.
Chuck Norris can download emails with his pick-up.
Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft.
Chuck Norris doesn't bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.
Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick).
Chuck Norris' programs never exit, they terminate.
Chuck Norris can write multi-threaded applications with a single thread.
Each hair in Chuck Norris's beard contributes to make the world's largest DDOS.
Chuck Norris doesn't need garbage collection because he doesn't call .Dispose(), he calls .DropKick().
Chuck Norris does not need to type-cast. The Chuck-Norris Compiler (CNC) sees through things. All way down. Always.
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
The class object inherits from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris protocol design method has no status, requests or responses, only commands.
Chuck Norris can install a 64 bit OS on 32 bit machines.
When Chuck Norris break the build, you can't fix it, because there is not a single line of code left.
Chuck Norris insists on strongly-typed programming languages.
Chuck Norris can compile syntax errors.
Chuck Norris doesn't use reflection, reflection asks politely for his help.
For Chuck Norris, NP-Hard = O(1).
Chuck Norris can access the DB from the UI.
When Chuck Norris is web surfing websites get the message "Warning: Internet Explorer has deemed this user to be malicious or dangerous. Proceed?".
Chuck Norris can write to an output stream.
The Chuck Norris military unit was not used in the game Civilization 4, because a single Chuck Norris could defeat the entire combined nations of the world in one turn.
Chuck Norris can spawn threads that complete before they are started.
Chuck Norris could use anything in java.util.* to kill you, including the javadocs.
Chuck Norris doesn't need sudo, he just types "Chuck Norris" before his commands.
Chuck Norris can make a class that is both abstract and final.
Product Owners never ask Chuck Norris for more features. They ask for mercy.
Chuck Norris can overflow your stack just by looking at it.
Chuck Norris uses canvas in IE.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares down the bug until the code confesses.
There is no Esc key on Chuck Norris' keyboard, because no one escapes Chuck Norris.
The Chuck Norris Eclipse plugin made alien contact.
Chuck Norris doesn't pair program.
Chuck Norris's keyboard doesn't have a Ctrl key because nothing controls Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an OS.
No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.
Chuck Norris programs occupy 150% of CPU, even when they are not executing.
Chuck Norris can dereference NULL.
Chuck Norris causes the Windows Blue Screen of Death.
Chuck Norris types with one finger. He points it at the keyboard and the keyboard does the rest.
Chuck Norris' unit tests don't run. They die.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a keyboard he tells the computer to write something and it does.
Every SQL statement that Chuck Norris codes has an implicit "COMMIT" in its end.
With Chuck Norris P = NP. There's no nondeterminism with Chuck Norris decisions.
Chuck Norris never has to build his program to machine code. Machines have learnt to interpret Chuck Norris code.
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use AJAX because pages are too afraid to postback anyways.
Chuck Norris's keyboard has the Any key.
All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.
Chuck Norris can read from an input stream.
Chuck Norris programs do not accept input.
Chuck Norris originally appeared in the "Street Fighter II" video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do a roundhouse kick. When asked about this glitch, Norris replied "That's no glitch."
Chuck Norris breaks RSA 128-bit encrypted codes in milliseconds.
"It works on my machine" always holds true for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris burst the dot com bubble.
Chuck Norris does not need to know about class factory pattern. He can instantiate interfaces.
Chuck Norris can access private methods.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
Chuck Norris can over-write a locked variable.
Product Owners never argue with Chuck Norris after he demonstrates the DropKick feature.
No one has ever spoken during review of Chuck Norris' code and lived to tell about it.
Chuck Norris' Internet connection is faster upstream than downstream because even data has more incentive to run from him than to him.
If Chuck Norris writes code with bugs, the bugs fix themselves.
Chuck Norris hosting is 101% uptime guaranteed.
Code runs faster when Chuck Norris watches it.
No one has ever pair-programmed with Chuck Norris and lived to tell about it.
Chuck Norris's database has only one table, 'Kick', which he DROPs frequently.
